All
right. Good morning, Miss Chiang.
Um, we've got half an hour with you, uh, so looking forward to the
session. Um, it is a public session.
So I'll leave you to introduce your team and, uh, we obviously have some
questions for you.
Good morning, and thank you-
(clears throat) ... for the opportunity to speak with you today about, uh, the Serious Fraud
Office's first stand-alone, long-term insights
briefing. Uh, I appear today with our Deputy Chief
Executive of Strategy and Prevention, Dan Eaton.
And we welcome the committee's interest in this work and look forward to your
questions.
Oh-
D- do you want a statement or anything?
That's it. (laughs)
(laughs)
Uh, well-
That's perfect.
You're welcome.
I'm conscious that your time is precious.
Oh.
I do have a brief opening statement, but also very happy
Why don't you do your brief opening statement?
Oh, of course.
And that'll give it... Because it gives us good context.
Sure. So our topic this year is on staying ahead
of the curve, responding to emerging trends, and detecting fraud and
corruption in New Zealand. This briefing represents an important
piece of forward-looking work for the SFO
and explores the evolving landscape of fraud and corruption
detection with insights and best practices from
international jurisdictions as well as our own
experiences. Fraud and corruption risks are
evolving, and this creates pressure for New Zealand's
integrity systems but there are also
opportunities to better prepare us for the challenges
ahead. And while our day-to-day focus is
on investigations and enforcement, uh, the LTIP allows
us to take a longer view, uh, to think strategically about
emerging trends, capability needs, and how we strengthen
resilience across the public and private
sectors. So thank you very much for this opportunity.
Can I ask a preliminary question?
Right. Well, we've got one from the-
No, no, it'll be long but this is just a really process question.
Yes.
I'm really curious, um, to know
h- who, who had input because you've got a little note at the very end of
your document about your consultation, and it seems like
it was a relatively narrow band of people, you know,
accountants and, uh, government agencies and so on.
And I'm just interested to know whether there were any- anyone essentially, either
from the general public or kind of the private p- private sector, the
investigative sector and, you know, that kind of, um,
group of people who take an interest in things fraud and
electronic, and whether that informed your thinking.
Yes, that's a good question, and I, I will hand over to, to Dan to talk about the
phases of our feedback session. We had two phases, uh,
and we, we actually received a lot of interest, um, from the
wider Civil Service, um, on our, uh, on our
LTIP which was very encouraging that it was a topic of interest.
Good.
But I'll hand over to Dan on how we went through that.
So we had two rounds of public consultation which are, are required, um,
under the Public, uh, Sector Act. Uh, the first one on the
topic, uh, and the second, uh, one on the
substance of the report. And then, uh,
the submissions that we had are listed, uh, in the report
itself.
Are the submissions available
on your website?
That's a good question. Actually I don't think they are but I don't see why they
necessarily couldn't be.
Okay.
(laughs) Yeah.
Okay. And we can certainly provide them for you.
I'm going to go to Mr. Stevenson and I'll come back to Miss Wild.
Good. Well thank you. Thank you for being here. I mean, thank you for...
I think this is a really, uh, worthwhile resource and document.
I encourage people to read it. Few... couple of questions. One is...
I'm just on page, um, eight I think.
You've got a box, it's very... some obviously some fill out boxes.
One just around estimated losses. Quite a broad range.
Is that because we just can't... we don't have the information
to accurately actually assess the, the losses to the New Zealand public
or just... Yeah, just keen to understand that is my first
question. And is there something we need to be doing?
Yes. So you're referring to the 601 million-
Yes. ... to 12.97 billion?
Mm, quite a... That's quite a-
That's exactly right. So that is based on a study that
one of the issues we have in New Zealand is we do not have a,
reliable baseline measure of what is potentially lost through fraud,
error and corruption in the public sector.
So this is based on a, a research study that we
commissioned the UK Public Sector Fraud Authority to carry
out based on international experience and apply to the New Zealand,
um, scenario where they estimate... And I...
And Dan will correct me if I get the percentages wrong, that roughly
between, um, point-
0.5% to 5%.
0.5 to about 5% of the overall public sector
budget is lost. Um, and
when you apply that to... This is a, this is a little bit out of date because
if you're looking forward it's even higher for the 2025
budget. That is the potential range.
Um, again one of the issues that we want to tackle is, and,
and you'll see that addressed here, is to have better analytics of
exactly what our baseline is so that we can measure what the
scale of the issue is and also whether or not, uh, any
responses are effective.
And so just to kind of follow up if that's okay, Mr. Chair?
So yeah, obviously in
the SFO kind of doing this report and, and working with the other government
agencies that... Yeah, are they now, um, more
systematically gathering data in this area or what... Yeah, where are we going?
And can one of you inform us?
It's a good question. So you might be aware of our anti-corruption
task force.
Mm-hmm.
We're in the, um, business end of that.
We're putting the finishing touches of that, and propose to release, um, our
report before the end of the year. One of the key, um,
issues we're trying to tackle here, um, (clears throat) perhaps it's useful
for me to give a (clears throat) recap of what that involved.
Yeah, that'd
be good. That was selecting a sample of six public sector
agencies and applying a assessment
framework against all of them to
essentially answer three questions.
First of all, what is the current state
of your systems and controls when it comes to, uh, fraud and
corruption detection? Uh, secondly, what is
your systems and controls when it comes to prevention?
So that's-
Mm-hmm.
... before it happens in the first place.
And finally, what is the extent of the fraud and corruption that you have
identified over the last 15 months?
So we, we gathered that under a, a framework which we've modeled
from the UK and Australia, this has not been done before in New
Zealand like this, so as to try to start to answer
that question because there hasn't been a, um, consistent
framework in which all public sector agencies must
collect and report that level of data.
Yeah. Yeah, and I've... And I'm, I'm now on 20...
page 28-
(clears throat)
... of your report-
Oh.
... um, which this is all connected- But I...
Yeah, you basically note that despite being the most common
offense, um, fraud, including scams, is the least reported.
So kind of that's great that we're tackling that.
But just again, I just wanted
Obviously, on page 29, we've got this multi-agency
model.
Mm-hmm. Um, just keen to get your reflections, um, 'cause obviously there is actually a lot
of agencies involved. Is that, is that working?
You've set it out... I mean, I think it's great you've set out this, um, diagram.
Um, but what is obviously important and it's good to see you've got the, the victim
or the informant at the center-
Mm-hmm.
... which is great. But yeah, just in even looking at this, did you uncover kind of
any weaknesses in the way we're set up as government agencies at the
moment? Is there anything that kind of springs to mind about that needs to be done
as a result of, yeah, th- the way we are set up at the moment?
So there's nothing wrong with a multi-agency approach.
That's what we see internationally.
Uh, and indeed there are reasons why it's very important for independence
reasons, different powers, uh, different expertise.
So there's nothing wrong with that.
The issue that we were, uh, trying to illustrate here is that that
might make sense from a integrity, um, regulatory
framework perspective, but for the complainant-
Yes.
... who just wants to get their, um, issue progressed in the most efficient
way, it could cause, um, either confusion
or potential gaps between those multi-agencies.
So it's, it's around
given that we've got these frameworks, which are important to have, how
does one, uh, better, uh, ensure that
frictionless experience for a complainant?
How does one, uh, consider how to,
um, assist with the information sharing and collaboration
between those agencies? Mindful that, of course, government
agencies, we have, uh, several, um, laws
and-
Mm-hmm.
... um, we have our own obligations that we must comply with in terms of privacy,
confidentiality, and how, how we handle information, which are all very
important as well. So within that, how do we,
um, better improve those potential gaps and
issues?
That's very, that's very insightful and I just wanna congratulate you on taking
that-
Yeah. We might just-
... victim-centric approach. Thank you.
We might just stop because I've got people lining up for questions.
Yeah, I'm done.
All right, cool. We're going to Ms. Walters.
Thank you, Mr. Chair, and thank you, Karen and Dan-
Karen, you're next.
... uh, for being with us today, but for the work of your team, which I consider is
very important because we've recently had the ministerial report that
has said that there's an increasing risk and previous reports that say we're losing
the fight. Um, and so my view is that it kind of beggars belief that
in that context, the government have essentially reduced your
funding, um, from what I can see, four FTE in the
last financial year. But I'm wondering if you can speak to that
reduction in capacity for our key
watchdog in the context of a report to the minister that says the
risk is increasing.
Well, tha- thank you for that question.
Uh, in terms of losing the fight, uh, it's important to, um, stand back
and remind ourselves that New Zealand's in a highly enviable position
globally, even many of these jurisdictions that we point to as
having, um, taken good action, most of
them actually have always sat behind New Zealand on the Corruption
Perceptions Index. Uh, having said that,
it's important to be vigilant because complacency,
uh, ironically being historically highly rated,
can actually breed complacency, which is one of the issues that,
um,
all of the coun- countries who have always been at the top of the
rankings needs to address and,
um, maintain their effort. Uh, in, in terms of,
um, in terms of your question around resourcing,
that's absolutely the case. Like other government agencies,
uh, we have had to grapple with the challenges of the fiscal
constraints. And, um, you might recall that we've made
some, uh, significant strides in our efficiency
and effectiveness review to both take a look at how we
can be smarter, use technology, and focus our
energies on, uh, impact, uh, as well as
having to, um, consider
how we target our cases. We can only take so many at any given
time, and we need to tailor our ability
to take forward cases to the level that is expected of the New Zealand
public, uh, with the resources that we have.
So, so absolutely, it's a, it's a challenge.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, however, w- we are
proactive. (clears throat) and finding ways to address it, um,
and, and creative ways as well. Mm.
Supplementary. (clears throat) Thank you very much for that.
I think, for me, one of the key roles of the SFO is watching our
leaders as well, and in the context of allegations in
terms of the tobacco lobby, foreign interference.
Is it the case that this reduced funding will impact
the office's capacity to look at those matters?
So we are not the only player in those issues that
you're, um, speaking of. There is, um, a, a framework that sits
behind, um... So for instance, if I could refer to,
um, the most recent report of Transparency International
New Zealand, which pointed out, um, s- some of the
findings around, um, those issues, around transparency,
around lobbying, uh, th- the, our electoral
law framework. Uh, those aspects,
tho-, those aspects are, um, it's a
number of different, um, organizations and agencies
are responsible for a- addressing some of those
issues, legislative gaps that were pointed out, uh, in the TINZ
report as well. From the SFO's
perspective, our remit is we're primarily a law
enforcement agency, so we will
be a- addressing those most high-level, serious, and complex
fraud issues. Uh, at the same time, we must
comply with the legislation and the framework that we have.
And in addition to that, we have taken steps to,
uh, to, um,
stand up our prevention side of the business, recognizing that that's one of the
most efficient ways to actually bring the
curve down. So
absolutely I, I wouldn't, I wouldn't say that
resourcing is not an issue. That would be unrealistic.
We have to work with the resources that we have, and it has been
challenging. Having said that, uh, we are
confident that we are, um, positioned to
take the important cases.
Mm.
We have the ability to select the cases.
We have a triaging framework which was recently refreshed
that takes into account all of these balancing factors, and we feel
confident that that helps us surface what's going to be
most important, uh, for New Zealand.
One of those things that we've done is regularly publishing strategic
areas of focus, so that helps us lift those
that, um, we've scanned the (clears throat) environment and
we have a sense of what we think is going to be most impactful to New
Zealand's, um, economic and financial
position. And we have, uh, focused our
resources on those, uh, particular areas of focus.
So those that are most important to New Zealand, we feel confident
that, um, we are well-positioned to take those forward.
Okay, I'm gonna allow one more question, but I just want to advise the
member to be careful that she's not implying
certain groups are corrupt
or, and there could have been made that adv-, um,
accusation. So just-
Mr. Chair.
... she can have one more-
Please-
She can have one more question.
Thank you, Mr. Chair. Uh, given the government have failed to
adequately fund the F- SFO, given the increased risk, you
mentioned a lobbying register.
Mm.
Is it the office's view that we should be looking at setting up a lobbying
register?
O- obviously as a public servant, servant in my position, I, I can't
comment on those c- correct policy settings, um,
that, that are available for policymakers and decision-makers to
consider. Uh, what I can say is that, um,
transparency around, um, these sorts of issues
is always going to be important (clears throat) for a free
(clears throat) democratic, uh, s- society.
So we would certainly support, um, whatever
the right policy settings and policy levers ought to be for New
Zealand.
She takes a long time to answer.
Yeah. All right,
Those that, that would, uh, that would support
transparency. Thank
you. We've just got, she's got about 12 minutes. We've got Mr. Bates.
(clears throat) Thank you, Chair. Um, a couple of sups.
Uh, first one, just can you clarify for us what was the change
in your resourcing from a financial perspective, uh, in the last
financial year?
Uh, yes. So this is just off the top-
As
a percentage. ... of my head.
Yep.
So we can provide you with more detail around that.
Uh, so in the last
financial year, was it the previous financial year, Dan,
that our appropriation was reduced
by 3.5%?
3.5%.
That's correct.
Um, and there were no further reductions in the last financial
year.
Okay. And, uh, my, my follow-up to that is often these questions are
asked with a complete lack (thumping sound) of understanding that it's not just
about how much money, but how effectively you spend it.
Can you confirm for the committee whether you feel you're in a
better position to, uh, resolve the sort of issues that you're
tasked with for New Zealand today than you were 12 months ago
or in a worse position? Hmm.
I'm confident we are in a better position because of the steps that we have
taken. Um, we knew that this was coming, and so
when we undertook our efficiency and effectiveness review, um,
you referred to, the member referred to the four FTE.
We didn't just rely on vacant posts and, uh, just
what was coming through, um, the ranks.
We proactively considered where should we actually
target our resources. So-Some of
the creative, um, changes that we made, it wasn't just around
savings and re- reduction of, um, FTE or
otherwise. It was around what are certain changes that we
can make that'll make us more effective?
So for instance, we put our detection and our prevention functions
together, that single front door.
Right. And you'll see that that is, uh, now considered to be international best,
best practice to do that. We have also stepped up our
detection and intelligence function.
So in the past, we may have been more reliant on
the complaints that were coming through and would make selections from
there. Uh, however, uh, in, in
appointing a new detection function, this is
proactively engaging with other government
agencies, for instance, the Financial Intelligence Unit, uh,
other, uh, sources of information so as
to, uh, proactively look for leads that are going to be
impactful and fit within those, uh, strategic areas
of focus. Uh, uh, and so th- those are real,
um, advantages through the process
of the efficiency and effectiveness review, which was, of course, in part
to address the, the fiscal constraints.
But we also took advantage of the opportunity to
better, um, to better align and set up our
organization to be more effective.
Okay. Um, thanks-
None on, none on here.
Thanks, Chair. Just going back to the re- the briefing report that you, um,
are here today about, on pages 22, 23, and 24, you've
sort of outlined three different scenarios, a utopia, middle ground,
and, you know, worst case, I suppose.
Where do you see New Zealand is on the trajectory to
achieve, um, in 2050?
So I should preface this by saying these are deliberately simple
extreme examples, best case, worst
case, a- and the shadow economy in the middle.
Uh,
no country... Um, it's not sufficiently nuanced for any country
to fit neatly into any of these. Uh, all the countries will fit
somewhere on the spectrum.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, at the moment... And this is us projecting into the future, so you'll see
that we've used a little bit of our imagination in terms of the digital
for- fortress best-case scenario.
At the moment, no country fits in there.
N- none of these, um, particular, uh,
technological measures and platforms are currently
available. Uh, but using... So, so that's,
it's important to preface that because we're just trying to illustrate potential
scenarios. Using these particular
markers, uh, I think is useful
for where New Zealand is going. We're still at the top
of the world rankings when it comes to, um, corruption
perceptions. Uh, having said
that, um,
the shadow economy is, um, an illustration of where things still
look pretty good, but actually things are
happening hidden under the radar.
So that's something that the nations at the top of the rankings
will want to guard against because it may not
be visible, uh, if your position is
beginning to decline. So for New Zealand, we are
still a strong integrity, uh,
country. We are still a low corruption
country. However, the trajectory is something that
we will want to address to either stop
or reverse. And
so if we project into the future, there is
a chance that New Zealand will inch closer and closer
from the digital fortress where we want to be and can be
to the shadow economy.
Right. I'm going to Honorable Doc- Doc- Dr. Duncan Webb.
Thank you. I've got only got... I think I've only got two, three questions, which
might not be entirely related, but there's only two.
The first one is really about long term.
So because this is what this is about, we've got a
economy where we've just launched open banking, um, where
cryptocurrencies are a, are a thing, um, and where
encrypted communication is pretty much, um, standard for a
lot of New Zealanders. And I see those as both
useful innovations, um, but open banking,
in particular, um, is about the sharing of
information. I know the legislation, I know there's protections in there,
but
how do you see in terms of that 3, 5, 10,
even 20-year framework, how do you see
those kinds of innovations and how the financial
affairs of people are managed as creating risks and
opportunities for you?
So that's a, that's a very good question because those advances are
a double-edged sword. So we know
that the vast majority of complaints,
from potential victims of fraud and scams
actually come through the banking system.
They are a ripe source of complaints.
And banks have obviously, um, taken steps to
address that, both for commercial reasons, because they don't want to be left on
the, on the hook for, um, for these losses,
but also in recognition that there needs to be that
public-private sector partnership.
Uh, so they have taken those steps and, um, and, and
that, that can be helpful, uh, from a law
enforcement detection and prevention perspective.I think
you'll—the member's question is around the risks that the flip side
of, uh, e-exposing New Zealand to,
um, these other forms of, um,
uh,
transactions and, and financial flow of funds, which may not be
necessarily easy to trace and identify, um,
which comes with, um, the benefits of, of open
banking. Uh, so we're very conscious that it's both
a ripe source of complaints and also a key
partner, but at the same time, uh, it's, uh,
potentially opens up New Zealand to greater vulnerabilities and
risks. So, from our perspective, um, w-
we are working closely with, uh,
the financial intelligence unit, which is also
a good source of information that flows from the
financial sector, uh, and we have
also proactively engaged with commercial
banks, uh, the National Banking Association.
We often have, um, seminars around what
they are observing and what, what we are, because we're very conscious that
we're in this, uh, we need to have closer,
uh, a- alliance and, and information sharing.
Yeah. Um, you know, interest- I mean, interesting to think about that in terms of
much longer term. The second one is also about kind of a change in New
Zealand. I was interested to look at some of the cases you've done.
You've got one which is, is the, um, West
Coast wastewater case, um, and the other one which I
had, well, not some personal intervention in, but the, one of the
defendants came and approached me for assistance, was the,
um, I think Oranga Tamariki Christchurch case.
And I've gotta be cautious what I say, but one of the features of that was kind of
a cultural overlay, um, in a particular cultural
community. And we are a changing New Zealand where
people are bringing a different set of values.
And certainly, in my interactions, um, there was
an quite astounding failure to see
wrongdoing in one of those cases, that this is just how you do
business. And I guess in terms of a change in New Zealand
in the long term,
what are we doing? And hey, what, you know, what, what are your views about the
risks of people bringing a value set to New Zealand, which
is not the way we do business and government
here?
That's a very valid observation. I think where you have...
There's lots of strengths and benefits that come with
immigration, multiculturalism, which we all enjoy.
Absolutely. The flip side, of course, is, uh,
different values, different norms, different worldviews, and
that not only applies in the, um, area of
potential wrongdoing, like fraud and corruption, but in other
facets of life as well. So, it's important to be
aware that those norms can be different and not to necessarily take
for granted that what we see is, um,
obvious as what's acceptable may not
be, may not align with somebody from quite a different culture
and background.
You, you're describing the world, but my question is, what's the str- you, 'cause
the long-term insights briefing is supposed to give us policy options and
strategies. And I haven't heard a lot of policy options and strategies even
on either of those questions.
So, we're talking about themes for the LTIB.
This is not a policy document.
Mm-hmm.
We're talking about themes that we're seeing across the world
and areas that decision-makers need to think about, whatever
the policy, and there are a myriad of policy levers to-
But the Public Service Act does say that you should be looking at policy directions
in your long-term insights briefings, right? That's what it says.
Could you have policies,
directions that might address some of these issues?
'Cause a lot of it's descriptive. It's a wee bit critical, I know, but
th- it's supposed to say, "Here are emerging pro- problems that
might happen. Here's what we might do to address them."
So, on the cultural side, and if, I, I wanna, again, stick to the broader
themes, if, if I might. Um, on the cultural
side, the work that we're doing in the prevention space and with
our anti-corruption task force,
when you look into the cu- types of questions that, uh, we're asking public
sector agencies, it is around, um,
strengthening those policies, strengthening the education and the
training, because as you say, you cannot necessarily take for granted
that the public servants, uh, that, uh, are
hired will necessarily, um,
have the same sorts of norms and standards that we
expect of them. And we cannot take that for granted.
I acknowledge that. Yeah, no, that's fine.
S- so, so, so to your point, it does come from not
only, um, ensuring that we are proactively
educating our officials to understand what their
obligations are, but also following up.
So, it's just, it's not just a matter of having a conflicts of interest policy
sitting there dormant and no one is checking whether or
not, um, they're being complied with and whether or not the training is
ongoing, and that you have a system that can
actually pick up when those sorts of anomalies
occur. So, just taking those examples that we
have, when you have... Um, and some of those examples are,
are reasonably unsophisticated.
Mm-hmm.
So,
t- to the ext- if you had a system that was, uh, had a bit more
rigor, it could've been quite obvious to pick up these
anomalies or these associations between the public servant
and the, the associate that has benefitted
Husband,
yeah. ... benefiting, the husband-
(laughs)
... (laughs) ... uh, that has been, it didn't take a...
Perhaps a company's office search may well have revealed that.
Or these very unusual... Um, from the top of my head, it was around
about-... $2 million worth of these
contracts that were diverted to this, um-
Yeah.
... cu- husband's company. So those sorts of things, uh, could
be, uh, systemwide,
um, solutions to making it a little bit easier.
But at the same time that, that cultural piece and the education piece is going to
be increasingly important. We can't take for granted that
everybody sees what is acceptable and what is a red
flag, uh, in the same way.
Okay, last question from Ms. Nutley.
Thank you, Mr. Chair. Thank you for being here.
Um-
Informants and whistleblowers, um, the report said they're crucial
pieces in a detection toolkit. And, um,
and the thing about New Zealand is that, um, I think we've all realized
it's actually one degree of separation.
Mm-hmm.
We're a very small population, as you mentioned in the report.
So, do we, um, here in our beautiful country of New Zealand need to do a
lot more than our other friendly nations that have those larger
populations to protect the anonymity of
whistleblowers and informants so that we can continue to,
to, to, um, get the, the, the information we need with
detection? And how do we do
that?
Yeah, so whistleblowers is critical. The, the...
And those internal, um, complaints are, are critical.
And it's absolutely right that in a smaller
community, um, the fear of reprisal, the fear of
consequences-
Mm-hmm.
... can feel, um, i- i- more intense.
So an example of what we are doing at the ECFO is our
foreign bribery, uh, pilot. So this is a campaign where
we are raising, uh, awareness around what foreign bribery
is. Um, and this is a particularly difficult to
detect type of corruption. Corruption's al- already difficult, but foreign
bribery is particularly difficult. And there's very little awareness about that.
However, it's usually the insiders of these companies that
have the information and the tips.
Um, we've had the legislation in New Zealand for 10 years and there hasn't been a
prosecution, so we launched our foreign bribery, um,
awareness campaign earlier in th- this year.
So it's twofold. First of all is the advertising.
Um, and we've advertised in different, um,
ethnic, um, community publications, export
publications, as well as our standard, um, mainstream
media, just to raise that awareness.
But the second part goes to your point, uh, around
helping to encourage potential whistleblowers
to make these reports, because sometimes there's a lot at stake.
Uh, of course, we can always receive anonymous complaints now.
The problem is that if there's not enough for us to
go on, the lead ends there. We cannot go back and follow
up. So, and, and of course, we've got our whistleblowing
legislation which pres- provides certain protections, but for
some complainants that may not be enough because that's not a complete
blanket immunity.
Mm-hmm.
So we have rolled out a new encrypted reporting
platform as part of our foreign bribery awareness
campaign. It's accessible in multiple
languages, around about five- 15 or 16, including
Pacific languages, where anonymous complaints can
be made, uh, with some detail. But the great thing is that
we... our experts can converse back and forth
with these anonymous complainants without ever revealing their
identity. Uh, they can even upload documents
where the metadata is automatically stripped so that we do not
even inadvertently find out who they are.
So even the law enforcement agency does not know.
And the idea being that we will independently pick up the
lead and investigate that.
Mm-hmm.
So that's something that just the ECFO is, is working on, um,
acknowledging the issues that, that you've just raised.
Yeah, thank you. That's nice.
That's a fascinating point to end on.
Um, pity we didn't have a bit more time on that.
But, uh, thank you for your contribution this morning, both of you, and the
team, uh, and very nice that you've turned up.
Thank you.
Thanks very
much.